[text](july-17-2024.md)# AI Chatbot Project - Team Meeting Agenda

## Date and Time

- **When:** 07/24/2024 @ 2:00PM
- **Where:** Zoom [https://calpoly.zoom.us/my/fkurfess]

---

## 0. Welcome and Recap

- Quick welcome back and update on what people have been working on until this meeting

- Victor has left the team due to an internship taking his time

- Yatharth has joined us

---

## 1. Administration

- Payment method for Katie switched, Nathan may potentially need this has well

- Saul's intake process is in progress, but he is also not officially on payroll yet, potentially needs follow-up with human resources

---

## 3. Meetings

- Nathan leaves the 31 for Singapore, but that days meeting doesn't need to be changed.

- Wednesday 9-10 AM will be the new standard meeting times 

## 3. Progress

- MongoDB exploded four days ago, potentially due to the Cloudstrike problems. MongoDB atlas has now been set up and is tied to the shared Gmail account. 

- Katie will now be in charge of Github tasklist updates. 

- Yatharth needs to be added to the github account
    - Will need to be given the .env files and account details

- Human Research planning will be started this week

Web scraping is a work in progress
    - A python script has been made, but it needs to be integrated into the project
    - RAG research 

- Firebase has been fully switched to the shared account

- We have submitted a proposal to Azure for AI use.

## Action Items

- [ ] Write Human Subject Proposal
- [ ] Web Scraping / RAG
- [ ] Continue looking into local hosting on Azure
- [ ] Continue work on profile options

---

## Next Meeting

- **Scheduled Date and Time:** 07/31/2024 @ 2:00 PM
- **Agenda:** Review of today’s action items and further development of new features.

--- Future meetings will be in the morning at 9:00 AM, still on Wednesdays

## Meeting Notes

- For those interested in publication, we will be looking into if any of them are a good match for us
    - Another possibility is to do a medium article, which is more like a tutorial on how to do something. Counts less as a academic article but can still be pointed to. List the problem, describe the tools, how we used them, difficulties, and advice. Includes code snippets and diagrams. 

- We will need some form of poster at the end of this

- Goal at the end of this is some form of program at least Comp Sci students can use

- Continue thinking about Agentic design

- Nathan and Yatharth can talk about an outline of a publication and human subject proposal while Saul and Yatharth can talk about RAG